Every single year that I've been in Uber
has been a challenge and obviously the
challenge and the opportunity now is the
rise of AI. You don't just exist in the
digital sphere, right? Our experiences
encompass digital first in terms of your
interaction with our platform, but then
they are delivered or fulfilled in the
real world. The rise of physical AI,
autonomous vehicles, drones, etc., they
are going to change how we interact with
consumers in the real world. We think
it's another trillion dollar
marketplace. It will change how society
operates.
So I think I have to begin with the
story you were just telling me about how
you took the job here, how you heard
about it. And the reason I start there
is because I want to know what it was
like, what the company felt like to you
when you showed up, how that's evolved.
I'll ask all sorts of questions around
this and then very importantly like what
the current moment feels like, which I
think is the most interesting question
for the business possible. But I love
the origins. So I would love to hear how
did you hear about this job in the first
place? What was the backtory?
>> Yeah. So I've been at Expedia for 13
years. uh CEO working with Barry Diller
and um and loved the experience and I
loved where I was and at the time like
Uber was in the news all the time,
right? It was in the business if you're
if you're interested. So obviously I was
reading about the situation at Uber. It
was seemed pretty chaotic uh and pretty
difficult. And then a head hunter called
me out of the blue and said, "Are you
interested in the Uber CEO job?" And at
the time I said, you know, no effing way
like uh who who would even think about
it uh at the time and I had a
considerably lower profile as as you can
imagine. So I kind of blew it off and um
I was at the Sun Valley conference uh
Allen company conference and uh was
having a drink with Daniel Ek and my
wife
>> and Daniel said, "Hey Dar, did a head
hunter call you? I recommended you for
the job. I thought you'd be great for
the job." And I was like, "Oh, that's
why it happened. Like what? Like what
are you crazy?" And he said, "Why? I
think you'd be great for the job." And I
said, "Listen, I've been at Expedia for
13 years. I'm so happy with what I'm
doing." And I remember Daniel like he
looks at me, he's like, "Laura, since
when is life about happiness?"
Interesting comment. He's like, "It's
about impact." And Uber is a company
that has impact on the world. It's
important. It's in trouble. Why wouldn't
you take a shot at this? I think you'd
be great. I think a lot of people come
to Uber because of the impact that that
the company has in the world. You know,
we we are um shaping how the world
moves. We we're a huge part of people's
lives. We've got over 10 million
couriers and drivers on the platform.
And I just wanted to go to a place where
I could make a difference
>> and I wanted to go to a place that was
making a difference. You know, like when
I started investment banking at Allen
Company, it was amazing. It was the the
the best company in the world. But I was
like, investment banking is really
changing the world, right? And so for
me, it was about um having impact at a
company that was having fundamental
impact in how people live. And you know,
we we'd had a couple of beers and and my
wife was there, Sid, and she'd had had a
couple of beers and we talked about it.
And um the next morning, actually, in
the parking lot, I remember calling the
head hunter and I said, you know, tell
me more. So that's how it all started.
>> Wow. Okay. So you show up, there's a
process. Yes. You take a job, you show
up. What What is the impression on day 1
through 10 or something like this? Like
what did it feel like?
>> I mean, complete chaos. Uh the the
company Travis uh had not been the lead
of the company for some period of time.
Uh and there was a group of executives
uh a committee if you want to call it
that who had been running the company
for a few months. And obviously the
company was in the public sphere in many
many bad ways. lots of things going on
both internally, externally and and the
business itself was very dynamic, hugely
competitive. So it would have been
difficult enough if there weren't any of
the external distractions going on
coming into uh the business which I
think fundamentally was strong but was
going through a lot of change a lot of
chaos both in terms of the board and
what the board wanted in terms of the
stability of the management team and
then getting structure around the
business as well. But you know with time
and with a lot of work and working with
my team we were able to bring some order
to the chaos both externally and
internally and it's turned out to be a
great ride for me.
>> How how did you do that? Like if you
were teaching a college seminar or
something an HBS seminar on a leader
bringing and establishing some order and
structure in a chaotic situation like
what what is the how? I I think the most
important how because every situation is
different but the most important how is
simplifying the situation and breaking
down what seems like an unassalable
problem into its component parts. You
know it's vector mathematics, right? If
if you have a three-dimensional complex
um interaction, you can just break it
down to each dimension. And if you solve
each dimension and you bring it all
together, you can actually solve pretty
complex issues and and equations into
its component parts. And the same is
true in business, right? So when I got
into Uber, there were very distinct
areas that I had to take care of. One,
at the board level, the board was
fighting for control. and you had a
board that was focused on who's going to
control the future of the company versus
what the future of the company was going
to be.
>> And so, for example, we brought in a new
chairman, Ron Sugar, who has become my
partners through all of the years and
and really brought the board together.
This isn't about who controls it. This
is about the the fate of the company.
Um, I think the company lost trust with
stakeholders, with regulators, with the
public. And so we went out and first
went on a listening tour to understand
what the issues were and then started
listening started acting based on that
impact and started communicating both
internally externally which is the
concerns of stakeholders externally were
just as important as our own concerns as
well. Uh and then with employees is
putting together the team. There was a
lot of talent uh inside of Uber, but
there were some folks who kind of were
stuck in the old world who had to get
off. Uh and then there was an incredible
talent base. Andrew McDonald, who is our
president, COO, you know, kind of
predated me and has uh come through many
many years. Many others um have been
with me since before day one. and then
bringing in new uh management member
members like a Tony West as well who
who's been with me ever since. So I
think if you focus on each distinct
problem, what seems like chaos can
become small surmountable problems that
you take on and you kind of you know you
you set initiatives against each of them
and over a period of time. You can't
control what gets solved when but over a
period of time things get better and and
I think things got better
>> in situations like that and I'm sure
there's been many others at Expedia and
and Sense. What have you learned about
managing your own stress so that you
don't get personally overwhelmed by
chaos?
>> I think I'm lucky. Um, Sid, my wife,
calls me a robot. Uh, which is I don't
get stressed out by situations. We lost
everything when we came here from Iran.
Um, absolutely lost everything and and I
saw destroy my my father. How old were
you?
>> I was 9 years old.
>> Uh, and you know, my father built uh
along with his family an incredible
family business. We came here, we lost
everything. But then we rebuilt. And I
think for whatever reason, fast doesn't
help. Like overthinking things doesn't
help. It only makes things worse. And
I'm able to approach things kind of from
an engineering mindset. I studied
engineering school, which is what are
the problems? Let me list them and let
me have an approach to solving each of
them. Test and learn. And not everything
improved in a linear path, but being
stressed out like what's the point of
it? Who cares?
>> Can you say a little bit more about what
that experience was like? Like watching
your dad go through that at that young
age.
>> For us, we came to the states, we got to
si uh stay with my uncle Nasi. The
adjustment for us was not very
difficult, but as I grew up, I observed
my father who when I was a kid, he was
kind of a giant of a man become less
giant because I was getting bigger as
well. and and he just lost that spark,
you know, he was he wasn't able to begin
again uh here in in the US. Uh he did
his very best. He was an entrepreneur.
He tried uh his hand at a lot of things
and you know I think that one it it
drove myself and my brothers and my
family to rebuild. You know, many
immigrants have a chip on our shoulder
and I had a particularly big one. But at
the same time, I didn't want to be in
the same situation, which is for work,
for fortune to break me as a person. So,
I was able to separate the two, which
is, yeah, do I want to do well?
Absolutely. Am I going to give it every
inch that I've got? Absolutely. But in
the end, I know who I am, and I'm always
going to be that same person. I'm not
going to let the chaos of the world
affect me mentally.
>> What What have been the chapters of the
chip like, you know, how has the chip on
the shoulder evolved? Like what
satisfied it early on? And how is how
has what satisfied it changed or is the
chip still
>> It's never satisfied. It I don't know
what it is. I always wanted to do well
in school, sports, you know. I just for
me I just believe in being allin in
anything that you do. You know, when
when I'm with my kids, I'm with my
family. I don't have this thing around.
I'm not checking messages. I'm I'm not
getting distracted. I I believe in, you
know, if you're going to do something,
whether that's work, whether that's
sports, whether that's personal life,
just go allin, get rid of the
distractions, and I think you'll lead a
happier, more effective life.
>> You think that chip is roughly the same
today as it was when you're
>> Yeah, it's it's core. Like I I don't
know whether I would have been the same
person, you know, the counterfactual if
I were in Iran, but I know my family is
awfully competitive. A lot of Iranian
immigrants have come here to the US and
many parts of the world have been
extraordinarily successful.
>> Uh and yes, of course, starting from
behind and knowing that you're starting
from behind and having the desire to
kind of get ahead again, it absolutely
plays a part in your life. How do you,
again, the selfish question because I
have kids, you know, that are growing up
fast. How do you think about your kids?
Like, my guess is you wouldn't press the
red button to undo the experience you
had because it made you who you are.
Totally.
>> And and and so I think about this a lot
as it relates to kids that maybe are not
going to have an experience like that
that might shape them in a similar way.
How do you think about that as a dad?
>> God, I'm I'm figuring it out as we go. I
think uh being a parent is is so
humbling, but I think we're doing our
kids a disservice by giving them too
much, being around too much. You know, I
don't know about you as a kid, but on
the weekends, my mom would be like, "Get
out of here and come back for dinner,
you know, figure it out." And I think
this kind of the helicopter parenting,
etc., being around your kids all the
time. You want to love your kids. You
want to know that they're ab absolutely
loved and appreciated. But it's the
challenges in life that form you. And
it's the overcoming of these challenges
that give I think humans a profound
satisfaction. And if you as a parent are
overcoming these challenges for your
kids, you're actually doing them a
disservice long term, whereas short term
you think that you're doing them a
favor. You're you're giving them an
easier life. A a happy life is not
necessarily easy life. And so for me it
is a challenge because I love my kids
but Sid and I co-parent in a way which
is you know we're not going to do
everything for the kids. Um they come
home they're responsible for their
homework. They've got to learn how to
make it in this world themselves within
the scope of family which will prepare
them for the outside world which as you
know can throw you a lot of curve balls.
>> Yeah.
>> Most software companies try to maximize
your time on their app to juice
engagement. Ramp does the exact
opposite. RAMP understands that no one
wants to spend hours filing expense
reports, reviewing expense reports, and
checking for policy violations. So, they
built their tools to give that time back
using AI to automate 85% of expense
reviews with 99% accuracy. And since
Ramp saves companies 5%, it's no wonder
that Shopify runs on RAM, Stripe runs on
RAM, and my business does, too. To see
what happens when you eliminate the busy
work, check out ramp.com/invest.
OpenAI, Cursor, Enthropic, Perplexity,
and Verscell all have something in
common. They all use work OS. And here's
why. To achieve enterprise adoption at
scale, you have to deliver on core
capabilities like SSO, skim, arbback,
and audit logs. That's where work OS
comes in. Instead of spending months
building these mission critical
capabilities yourself, you can just use
work OS APIs to gain all of them on day
zero. That's why so many of the top AI
teams you hear about already run on work
OS. Work OS is the fastest way to become
enterprise ready and stay focused on
what matters most, your product. Visit
works.com to get started.
Every investor should know about Rogo
because Rogo Aai's platform is not just
another generic chatbot. Instead, it was
designed to support how Wall Street
bankers and investors actually work.
From sourcing, diligence, and modeling
to turning analysis into deliverables.
For me, three key things differentiate
Robo. First, it connects directly to
your systems so it can work with your
actual data. Second, it understands your
workflows, how work really happens
across a deal or an investment. And
third, it runs end to end and produces
real outputs the way the best people do.
Auditable spreadsheets, investment
memos, diligence materials, and slide
decks that match your standards. This
all comes from the fact that ROGO is
built by finance professionals for
finance professionals. And it's already
being adopted by some of the most
demanding institutions in the world. To
learn more, visit rogo.ai/invest.
Speaking of curveballs and challenges,
so if we zoom all the way to today, it's
got to be I'm curious if you think so.
It seems to me from the outside like the
most interesting time to be running this
business because the opportunity is so
massive. The threats are real. The new
entrance are fascinating. ABS we'll talk
a lot about, I'm sure. What does it feel
like ground us today? Like what feels
like the central question to answer as
the leader of the business? It's, you
know, I tell you that every single year
that I've been in Uber has been a
challenge and there's been another, you
know, there have been so many answers to
question and we interact with the world
in in so many ways. Obviously, the
challenge and the opportunity now is the
rise of AI both as an internal tool as
to how we build. And what's different
about Uber than many other companies is
like we don't just exist in the digital
sphere, right? Our experiences encompass
digital first in terms of your
interaction with our platform, but then
they are delivered or fulfilled in the
real world where all kinds of things
happen. So you've got kind of a
determinative structure in terms of the
interaction with the app, but then
probabilistic outcomes and we always
have to kind of deal with those outcomes
and the things that go wrong in the real
world, traffic, driver cancelling, your
food being late. So we have always used
kind of in that probabilistic world AI
tools to build out our system for much
longer than most companies out there.
But now with the onset of AI both in the
digital world, the ability to build much
larger models that know much more about
you, can anticipate what you want more
accurately uh can really drive
utilization and can can drive how people
work and and make an engineer into super
engineer to then the rise of physical
AI, autonomous vehicles, drones, etc.
and how they are going to they are going
to change how we interact with consumers
in the real world. I've never ever seen
a pace of change so fast and it's um
incredibly exciting.
>> What's your mandate to your team given
how fast things are changing and how
much more each person can now do?
>> I'm not like a topdown driver so to
speak. We have a bottoms up culture
which is I want people inventing all
over the company. I don't want there I
don't want to be that single point of
failure. Obviously uh the CEO is
important for the company. So I I
hesitate to drive mandates and and I
would tell you that AI adoption at the
company just because we are kind of an
AI native company or ML native company
um in terms of where the technology has
come from it it's it's been occurring
all parts of the of the business whether
it's engineers um and how they scope
projects how they how they build
debugging uh on call platform uh
migrations all of that is now uh has
enormous AI adoption to our legal team
to our marketing team. So it is
happening everywhere. Where I come in is
that I'm pushing the teams to
fundamentally
use the power of AI to rebuild systems
and processes from the bottoms up. And
by the way, it could be a decent first
step to take a process and have AI
optimize 20% of it, 30% of it in terms
of speed or effectiveness or cost. But
to rebuild it from the ground up, that's
much harder. uh and that's where I'm
coming in and really pushing the teams
to think about processes from a first
principles uh standpoint and the impact
of AI on those.
>> What's the most amazing thing you've
seen someone do with the technology at
Uber?
>> The most amazing thing that I've seen is
that
I'm seeing the impact show up in all
kinds of random corners of the company.
You know, we what we're seeing now is
like we've got devs in India who all of
a sudden are driving 10x the code
commits that they used to. They're using
autonomous agents all over the place. So
the the uptake of the tools that we're
seeing is not at all predictable in
terms of who is racing ahead with this
new technology versus what we typically
saw. And so I think you're going to have
very very unpredictable patterns within
the company. It's up to us to find it
and it's up to us to kind of promote
those individuals who are kind of the
rebels inside the company. We we want
the rebels to win here. One one of the
interesting questions today is what is
the actual latent demand for
intelligence? Like it's still weird
question.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm curious if you've had an experience
like me where at first you're like tell
your team you burn tokens like let's use
as much intelligence as possible and
then there's a moment where you're like
wow this is expensive. Intelligence
intelligence is expensive. How do you
think about the trade-off between it
seems like an unbridled good to have
more intelligence but right now it's
it's quite costly.
>> We're dealing with it now actually. We
blew through our AI budget in a quarter,
you know, for the whole year
essentially. And it is forcing us to
adjust. You know, we are going to uh
meter headcount increases because to the
extent that my engineers are getting
much more efficient, their throughput is
increasing. They're they're becoming
superhuman in terms of their output. Um
we, you know, one there's a cost to that
and it's a significant cost and at the
same time we're kind of metering the
increase uh in headcount. So my view
right now is drive adoption, encourage
usage across the company. We do believe
in efficiency here. We've got over um
$10 billion in in free cash flow, which
is great, but it's on well over 10
billion trips a year.
>> So these are we are not a high margin
business. We want to really drive
efficiency in order to lower prices for
riders, to give more earnings to our
earners, etc. Uh so I do think it's a
combination for us right now of
encouraging adoption but then driving
efficiency and and the way that I put it
is we're we're using the more expensive
models to explore hey let's try a new
interaction here and obviously you know
the these frontier models whether it's a
open AI model or a cloud model they they
really are terrific and they're great to
experiment against once we scale some of
these experiences and interactions we'll
look to bring in more efficient models
that are more efficient on a token basis
or open source and again lower cost. So
exploration is go go go but then
efficiency and scaling is something that
we're also talking about. So you're one
of the few companies many of amazing
companies with amazing leaders that are
in this sort of like AI meets the
physical world zone where you've got a
scaled brand and distribution. You're
you're an aggregator of demand in many
ways. And I I I have so many questions
about this, but I guess the first one is
just what that is like. Like how you
think about that challenge, that
problem, that opportunity as one of the
small handful of companies that sort of
has the right to win in how that new
technology links up to the physical
world.
>> Totally. So I think the first is um
there's an enormous opportunity in just
it it's boring, but it's wonderful
boring, which is just building larger
models, right? So building, you know,
the our models in terms of our feed
models, our search models now are
probably 10,000 times bigger than our
older models and and they're just able
to take much more data about you and
make predictions about what are you
going to search for. Now we have
universal search. For example, if you
search for something, it's not just
classified as rides or eats or grocery.
We can show you all everything that we
have available across our services. So,
first it's just like the tooling has
gotten better, the capabilities have
gotten better, and today we can guess
when you take an Uber ride. 3/4 of the
time we can guess where you're going and
it's just a one tap interaction that can
only improve based on these larger
models. And as it relates to the real
world, we can anticipate what's
happening to in the real world much more
effectively now. And then the form
factor with which you operate uh is
going to change as well and more and
more and it's going to take a while uh
you know you'll have drones getting your
food to your home or you'll have AVs
delivering you from place A to place B.
So everything is changing about it. Some
of it is immediate opportunity now but
we think there's a ton of opportunity
going forward. What do you think has to
be true for Uber to win the demand
aggregator, you know, top slot in AV
specifically? Supply. So, we are a
supply company. The more drivers we have
in the marketplace, the more restaurants
that we're wiring up for you, the more
latent demand that we have. And it's one
of the lessons that that I learned when
it came from Expedia to to Uber. At
Expedia, we were really focused on, you
know, demand, how many consumers can we
get to the website, etc. and we were
demand first company and then we would
build out hotel inventory and flight
inventory in response to demand. At
Uber, everything is upside down. One of
our very very significant growth
opportunities right now is building at
our surface not just in the big cities
but in the sparse markets in all of the
suburbs of the world and smaller cities
of the world. Not the top 10 cities in a
country but the next 50 cities, the next
200 cities uh in in in the country.
Well, the first thing we do is actually
go out and recruit drivers, recruit
merchants and restaurants, groceries,
couriers, and then just the demand shows
up. I don't mean it's not that easy, but
the the biggest opportunity and
challenge we have is making sure that we
secure every single supply, every single
car out there that's going to take you
from point A to B, every single
restaurant, every single retailer, every
single uh groceryer. If we do that, the
demand will take care of itself. in AV
specifically, what does that feel like?
Like we're it feels obviously like we're
just at the very early early part of the
S-curve. And I'm sure that if the answer
is supply, you want to just be the the
the demand aggregator with the most
supply. What does that feel like? Like
what is the state of AVs feel like to
you?
>> It's very early, but but it's moving
very fast. So we've got over 30
partnerships now with incredible uh
partners like a Whimo to a neuro and
lucid to an Nvidia that is building not
just compute and and sensors but also a
software driver now to companies like
Wabby and wave we rides of the world
pony AIS of the world you know just like
you're seeing in the foundation model
space there isn't going to be a single
winner there are going to be many
players in the foundation models
there'll be open- source smaller models
as well we're seeing the same kind of
acceleration in the development of of
AV. And as a result, we want to be your
go-to market solution for companies that
are building out these digital drivers.
And we're allowing these companies is to
really focus on building the driver. We
are building services around them. We're
going out and securing depots and
charging in cities in which we see kind
of the regulatory landscape moving uh in
the right way. We're working with fleet
partners. We're securing financing. We
just announced a billion dollar
financing line with Santandere for uh EV
fleets and AV fleets. Uh we're working
on kind of uh autonomous insurance as
well. So we're building the entire
ecosystem so someone who builds a driver
can get those cars in the road and then
uh we have all the supporting
infrastructure. uh we are collecting
data as we speak in the streets that we
can feed to the model and then when they
hit market we've got instant demand for
them and what we're seeing is consumers
love the product and AVs that are on our
network are 30% or more busy than let's
say one PVs who aren't using our network
that 30% in terms of trips per vehicle
per day in terms of revenue per vehicle
per day can make a huge difference in
terms of your ROI of investing in these
expensive cars. What has surprised you
most so far about the product of ABS?
Like you get to see all this interesting
the 30% thing makes me wonder about this
question. Yeah. Like what what is
interesting to you about the nature of
the product and the the physical, you
know, the cars themselves and the
consumer experience versus the more
traditional experience.
>> So the one thing that is is surprising
and in a different way is um how quickly
magic turns to normal,
>> right? You know, it it was uh when I
first experienced Uber, um it was it was
in New York City. I was at Expedia. I'm
like, "Oh my god, this thing is
absolutely magical." Push a button and a
car shows up in 5 minutes, etc. Next
day, you're like, "Where's my damn car?"
>> Yeah, exactly. You're like, "It was 6
and 1/2 minutes. I can't believe that.
How dare they?" And you know, with AVs,
you get in them and it's magical. The
cars are nice. There's a sense of
privacy, peace. You play your own music.
And you know, for the first two minutes,
you're like, "Oh my god, this is
amazing. Look, look at what's
happening." And then minute three, here
you are, you know, doing the same thing.
So, I think what's incredible is what's
magical now is going to seem normal to
all of us 10 years from now. Um, you
know, in the end, it's about getting you
from point A to B safely, uh,
efficiently, affordably. We want to make
sure that these AVs aren't just
available for rich people in the middle
cities. We want to make sure that
they're available everywhere. But I
think this technology, the speed to
market is going to be fast and the
interactions are going to normalize
faster than you think.
>> I'm so interested by the whole like
build partner buy decision that I'm sure
you're making in a million ways every
day. Um, you've got these advantages.
You've got all this capital, all this
free cash that you can allocate, all
this infrastructure and of course the
demand aggregation that you've already
built, which are huge advantages, right,
for for creating liquidity, etc. How do
you think about partnering with
companies like a Whimo or something that
you could certainly see being a
competitor in part of what you do if
they get a big enough network and and
the service is good enough like you know
people are always going to buy for huge
markets. What is that like navigating
either in that specific example or in
general right now with ABS partnership
versus having your own fleet? It's a
coexistence that frankly I'm quite used
to coming from the travel business.
Right? If you think about OTAAS, these
online travel agents, they compete with
a Marriott, they compete with a Delta
for the consumer, they compete with a
independent hotel as well. All of whom
are building a direct channel for the
consumer, many of whom have loyalty
programs, etc. But at the same time,
they want incremental consumers coming
from the platforms because they have a
big box to fill and they want to drive
as much utilization of that box as
possible. And the returns for a hotel
that has, you know, 70% of its rooms
filled versus 90% it's night and day,
right? You will take the 90% every
single every single day. The same is
true, for example, in Uber Eatats,
right? It's we work with McDonald's, we
work with Starbucks, we we work with
Chipotle. All of these companies to some
extent also compete with Uber Eatats as
well. And the same will be true of a
subset of AVs which is a Whimo. Of
course they want to build their own
brand and their own channel but at the
same time we are able to drive more
utilization for them uh when their cars
are on our network. The same will be
true of Isuks the same will be true of
Neuro etc. So we're going to have some
players uh for example a wave is focused
on building one endto-end model that
they license to OEMs and we will be
responsible essentially for all the
demand. So there are going to be lots of
models but I don't think it's going to
be black or white which is do we only
compete or do we only work together. We
think there's going to be an
amalgamation of business models. There
already is in travel, there already is
in food. Same same thing will happen in
transportation. What's your premortem
for this like going wrong? Like for if
it's 5 years from now and Uber has like
screwed up this opportunity. What do you
think the most likely reason for it is?
I don't think it's necessarily Uber
thing. I I think it's um it's a big
question for the industry. You know,
you've seen how
powerful AI is, but at the same time,
how unpopular it is with the general
public and
folks like you and me in the corporate
world, we're just amazed and we're
driving utilization. And the way that
these AIs, you know, AI models interact
with the average person is, yeah, search
got a little bit better. But if it's
driving up or I think it's going to
drive up my electricity cost or if it's
going to cost my cousin's job, that's
that doesn't feel that good. And I think
the same will be true of ABS, right?
Which is it's terrific technology. It is
going to be safer than than human
beings, but how does it interact with
emergency service providers? How do we
make sure that the technology is
available to everybody, not just uh the
wealthy? We've got to have these
dialogues with regulators uh with real
people living in cities with our drivers
whose earnings may get affected. Now, uh
drivers in Austin and Atlanta where we
have two big partnerships with Whimo,
drivers on the Uber platform, they're
they're making more money. The number of
drivers joining the platform is
increasing because it looks like AVs are
actually adding incremental demand to
the platform. So we have good news early
but we've got to communicate and we've
got to go at the pace that society is
prepared for us to move otherwise there
will be a backlash and and you know
you're kind of seeing in some of the
public perception out there. I'm sure
your answer is something like not on my
watch. But if I were to assume that
there that the public out of your
control thing is solved. Can you imagine
what the same premortem answer would be
through something that you do control?
Access to supply and that's why we are
you know we have a partnership with
basically every AV provider whether it's
in mobility or delivery or even freight.
You know we need access to supply and
we're investing time we're investing
capital. uh and I think we're in a great
position to make sure that we are the
largest amalgamator of AV supply just
like we are the largest amalgamator of
you know transportation services around
the world.
>> If we now assume the the success
scenario where Uber is the clear demand
aggregator winner of ABS, what does that
unlock do you think on the other side of
that whether that's consumer experiences
or other things that aren't currently
possible?
>> We think it's another trillion dollar
marketplace. We think that over a long
period of time as we see the cost of AV
software come down and usually we see
the cost of hardware come down I mean
you this is universal but usually 30 30
to 40% per generation you know we think
um the
lucid midsize that they are building for
us and neuro together it would be 60
$70,000 car
>> at those kinds of prices you can
actually bring the cost of
transportation down for the population
and what we see is as we bring the cost
of our services down, demand goes up.
When Uber was introduced early on,
people were sizing the market based on
the taxi market. We're multiple times
bigger than the taxi market. And I see
the same potential with with AV, both in
terms of the cost of transportation,
reliability, safety, all of which are
going to improve. And then think about
delivery, right? If delivery is done
with a drone uh and instead of a 25
minute to 30 minute delivery you get
habituated you know the magic uh is you
know a 10 to 15 uh minute delivery
cheaper uh faster better it will change
how society operates. Do you think there
should be some sort of like Foxcon like
business for AVs? It's like one of the
interesting thing the stat I heard in
San Francisco someone asked me the quiz
question of how many how many ways do
you think are driving around and I like
overestimated it by some crazy
percentage. I was really surprised by
that and so it seems like you can be
hyper efficient with these things and
which is cool but the downside of that
is like maybe you can't hit your the
amount of production to get this cost
down and all this sort of thing. Should
there be like a Foxcon contract
manufacturer type thing for it?
>> It's happening as we speak. Many of the
OEMs, the traditional OEMs that we're
talking to are now seeing that L4
uh driving is is absolutely a reality
that is much closer than they think and
seeing the services and how popular they
are with consumers. They are investing
in L4 ready systems. So, I think you'll
see the traditional players get there
over the next, you know, 2 to four years
and and they'll start, you know, right
now the cars are being manufactured in
the hundreds and the thousands. It'll
get to the tens of thousands. It'll get
to the hundreds of thousands. Each of
these vehicles probably drives three to
four times what a human does.
>> So the efficiency and efficacy of one AV
vehicle is substantially higher than a
human based on how much uh humans drive
as well. And then we are seeing newer
generation companies coming in called
the Foxcons. Now the Foxcons exist in
China. you know the Chinese players in
terms of their capabilities and bill of
materials is incredibly incredibly uh
impressive and we need that kind of a
lowcost player in in the western uh
hemisphere is being worked on but we're
not there yet. The the Chinese
capabilities in terms of manufacturing
both in terms of quality and cost at
this point is unrivaled.
>> Can you teach me about drones? I I'll
never forget that Amazon video from like
10 years ago where it feels like oh my
god the future's happening. It's coming.
my drone's going to be my sandwich in 5
minutes or whatever and no drone has yet
to show up at my house. What's the story
with the technology? I've watched
Zipline very closely. I think that's a
really interesting company. Um it seems
obvious and yet it hasn't happened and
I'm curious if you could teach us why
that is. The biggest issue is just um
battery density and the ability of
essentially battery to lift itself and
then lift the payload and and what that
payload looks like and then the
requisite range and recharging needs of
that of those drones as well. You know,
Joby is building drones for people
that's happening. Uh and I think drones
for food and other grocery are going to
start hitting real scale over the next
two to five years. Um it is going to
cost more than a human delivery to start
with. But the the kind of ramp of the
technology in terms of uh payloads being
larger in terms of being able to operate
in whatever uh weather there is and then
being able to very very accurately get
you a payload right in front of your
house all of it is moving in the right
direction. So is it going to be a big
part of our um lives two years from now?
No.
>> But 5 to 10 year years from now it's
going to become more and more normal.
I'm always really interested in the
regional differences as well. I'm
curious what you've learned watching AVs
start to happen in the US versus the
versus Europe versus the Middle East and
and anywhere else that you know you've
had the experience like what what is
regional differences teaching you?
Middle East is going fast. Yeah.
>> So the Middle East especially if you
look at Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Saudi Arabia,
>> um they are on it. The regulators are
>> very entrepreneurial. You know they want
to lean into new technology. So you're
going to see those services you know
they are happening today. no vehicle
operators in and Abu Dhabi Dubai Europe
the US is certainly happening the
Californiaiforns of the world Texases of
the world but we want to make sure kind
of the right discussions are happening
at a regulatory level it's going to take
longer in a New York it's going to take
longer in a Boston uh for example and
Europe is starting to happen so we are
starting commercial uh uh robo taxi uh
in in Europe and I think we will have
pilots for example in London before the
end of the year. So Europe is starting
to to recognize that they can't be left
behind. Um the European OEMs certainly
are a huge player in terms of
manufacturing capability and employment
in Europe as well. So Europe is catching
up.
>> Another interesting like US versus
international story with Uber has been
as you've gone international with Uber
Eats specifically. Yes. you've you've
actually won or gotten to the number one
position more often and I'm curious what
the US experience in that category has
taught you that's impacted how you
approach strategy when going to an
international market.
>> The the the basics are the same, right?
You've got to get selection right.
you've got to sign up uh your merchants
and and in when I look at kind of the
serviceable addressable market and in
the cities in which we operate probably
signed up around 40 to 50% of the
restaurants and or merchants that can be
on our platform. And so it's about
getting uh selection and then making
sure that you've got the right
reliability every time when you order
something. We get it right. We don't
make mistakes. We deliver it to you
within uh 30 minutes. And for us, our
magic sauce is crossplatform, right? We
started with mobility and we are now
able to increasingly
upsell the mobility customer the
delivery product whether or not they
want to use it on Uber Eats or they
actually, you know, when you open your
mobility app now on on Uber, you're
going to see Eats right there. And about
13% of Eats bookings are actually coming
from the mobility business. So in larger
international markets and the US, we
have, you know, you've got to get the
basics right, but the platform for us is
a structural advantage we have versus
other model line players. We get a bunch
of free customers uh from our mobility
business. And then we have a Uber 1
membership program, 50 million members
now, growing 50% year-on-year.
Every company has a membership program,
but the way I look at it is we're kind
of like Netflix. For the same price, you
get more content than anyone else. You
get discounts on mobility, you get surge
protection, you get free delivery, you
get, uh, no fees on, you know, uh,
groceries, $60 or more. Now you're
getting 10% back on your hotel. So, if
we can build this loyalty program that
is just bigger than anyone else's, and
we have this crossplatform magic, um, we
think we can get to the number one
position and at the same time have
higher margins than our competitors, and
we're proving it out in market after
market after market. So much of the
story is being good at getting the
supply. How what does excellence look
like there? Like what what makes the
best parts of Uber that do this the
best, but what what makes them stand
out? What is the what is the key to
being great at aggregating supply? So, I
think honestly we're okay at it. I think
we can get a lot better at it. I I think
one is I want to get more of our team
members to put themselves in the shoes
of our suppliers, to drive more, to
stand behind the counter of a
restaurant. All of our employees are
like crazy users of Uber Eats and Uber
rides, but they don't necessarily we
don't put ourselves in the shoe uh in
the shoes of our merchants, you know,
after co partially because I was going
freaking crazy at home, but partially
because I wanted to understand, well,
what does a driver courier experience
feel like? I bought an ebike and started
delivering food in San Francisco. And
our drivers and couriers and merchants
are on our platform much longer than the
typical consumer. Typical consumer,
you're in, you're out, maybe use us once
a day, twice a day, hopefully three
times a day, but the interaction is like
30 second interaction. A driver will
have her app uh open 6 hours, 8 hours,
10 hours a day. Uh and as a result, the
premium that we have to put on quality,
making sure everything goes right. You
know, like P95 bug is happen to
consumers once a month maybe for a loyal
consumer. A P95 bug is happening every
single week for a driver who's on the
app, you know, 6 hours a day. And and we
are getting much better. We've got to
put ourselves in the shoes of our
merchant partners, of our delivery
partners. I learned so much delivering
food that you know those couple of years
in San Francisco driving people in my
Tesla in San Francisco. I think that's
what it takes to be a better builder um
and you know kind of be better at
amalgamating uh supply so to speak. We
have a value at at our company which is
um building with heart. I'm an engineer
at heart. I'm very numerical in how I
look at things but there's a craft to
building. There's a humanity in our
service and we have to make sure that we
keep building with heart and I I think
we can get better.
>> What surprised you most when you were
doing the deliveries? All that
experience. How hard it was like it it
was just like going into the restaurant
figuring out where to pick up you know
making sure that you got your orders
right. Uh about 50% of orders are
batched. So actually you pick up two
deliveries sometimes at the same
restaurant or another restaurant and
just making sure that you get everything
right. There's a reason why things go
wrong in the real world. There's a lot
to process for couriers, for drivers,
and then you have to kind of deal with
the real world traffic as well. So, just
all of the things that you have to
process for for a consumer, you push a
button, car shows up. You push a button,
your food shows up, it's all easy, but
for that driver and courier, there's a
lot more going on and processing
everything can be a challenge.
>> The thing you said it's interesting is
the membership concept, 50 million
people.
>> It feels like this is the this is a
feature every big business with lots of
people on it would would want. and some
of them have been great stories in
business history, Costco and Amazon.
What does each side get out of a great
membership program? And how how much do
you have to tweak and design that thing
versus it being kind of straightforward
of what people want? We've been at it
for a while. Um the ideal membership
program is one where you're essentially
you have a fixed cost base, right? So a
a Netflix is investing a certain amount
in programming and the cost of selling a
membership is customer acquisition and
there is no cost for the services that
you render, right? There's no variable
cost for the services you render. The
benefits of membership programs, travel
membership programs are often
upgrades to rooms that were empty anyway
or upgrades to seats that were empty
anyway. So those membership programs are
ideal and that's why membership started
in the travel business and um in
entertainment uh for example uh as well
you know cable was a membership program
if you if you want to call it that it
becomes much more challenging if your
the cost to serve is a variable cost and
I think Amazon is the first one that
took that on which is you know the cost
of an Amazon Prime membership is higher
the more you use that membership
>> and Amazon was able to kind of work
through this walk through this kind of
valley of despair, right? As many people
in the public markets didn't understand
what it was doing and the losses kept
increasing, but they understood kind of
the the unit economics of membership and
they stuck with it and they were able to
brave through those early days and and I
took a lot of inspiration from from that
example. In the early days of Uber 1 and
when we acquire a member, you're less
profitable. We're essentially trading.
We're making we're making a prediction
which is you're you're going to spend
more on our platform even though your
first transaction, second transaction,
third transaction is going to be much
less profitable because we're giving you
back a bunch of money over the lifetime
you will be more profitable and we're
seeing that. So the the membership
program took some time
>> to kind of get up to speed. Um it is
solidly profitable now, but the first
year of membership is a year where we
lose money on you, but we're going to
make money on you 2, three, four years
from now. As your business scales up,
everything gets more complex, especially
your compliance and security needs. With
so many tools offering band-aids and
patches, it's unfortunately far too easy
for something to slip through the
cracks. Fortunately, Vanta is a powerful
tool designed to simplify and automate
your security work and deliver a single
source of truth for compliance and risk.
There's a reason that ramp, cursor, and
snowflake all use Vanta. It frees them
to focus on building amazing
differentiated products knowing that
compliance and security are under
control. Invest like the best listeners.
Get a special offer of $1,000 off Vanta
when you go to vanta.com/invest.
I know firsthand how complex the tech
stack is for asset management firms. And
seemingly every new tool and data source
makes the problem even worse, adding
more complexity, more headcount, and
more risk. Ridgeline offers a better way
forward. One unified platform that
automates away that complexity across
portfolio accounting, reconciliation,
reporting, trading, compliance, and
more, all at scale. Ridgeline is
revolutionizing investment management,
helping ambitious firms scale faster,
operate smarter, and stay ahead of the
curve. See what Ridgeline can unlock for
your firm. Schedule a demo at
ridgeline.ai.
The next leg of hooking this platform up
to the entire world is hotels. So
interesting that you've gone back to
Expinia days. Full circle.
>> Walk us through the the decision logic
here. I have a question behind the
question, which is like how you decide
to do these big things in the first
place. Daniel uh who we started the
conversation with used to have this bets
board at Spotify. There's all these
different ways that capital allocators
decide what to bet on. I'd like to talk
about that strategy as well, but but
starting with hotels,
>> why do it in the first place? What was
your thinking? We tend to be pretty data
oriented and and what what we've seen
and and it's relatively obvious is that
people who travel a lot tend to use Uber
a lot, right? We're available in over 70
countries. What's the first thing that
you do when you land at an airport often
is you open up your Uber app. Just last
year, we completed 1 and a.5 billion
trips for people outside of their home
city. About 15% of our trips are to and
from airports. So, we can identify we
could identify travelers. It was a use
case that was a headline use case. And
we started thinking to ourselves, hey,
what more could we do for the travelers?
And and what differentiates Uber from
some of the other places again it's not
just about the booking experience but
it's about delivering that experience in
a reliable way in the real world. We
also we go much deeper into the
fulfillment stack than let's say the
typical online travel agent. We decided
as you're able to target more etc. Let's
look at other travel products. We
started with trains. We launched it in
the UK and Spain and we saw kind of the
same thing that we've seen over and over
again which is the more you interact
with our platform, the more services you
have, the more you interact with those
services, the more you come back. So
more content meant more retention. And
so we said like well what content can we
find and travel? It was very natural for
us to go into hotels. Uh it's a high
value decision that you're making. Um,
we went out there, talked to the various
travel companies to make sure that we
had the best supply in the business and
we happened to make a deal with Expedia,
my my old company, and we're essentially
giving the vast majority of the
economics of that deal back to Uber 1
members. The design spec of hotels is
again, how can I make sure that you have
a as a person your life is more deeply
integrated with our services? 10% off
hotels, 20% off 10,000 hotels. That's a
great deal that you're not going to find
elsewhere and it's another reason for
you to join Uber One.
>> What's the idealized end state of that
part of your business like 5 years hence
or 10 years hence?
>> For me, the idealized end state is
obviously we want to bring a lot of
value to you as it relates to the
booking experience, but I want the value
to carry into the market. you know, you
book a hotel in San Francisco, we offer
you uh we go through your uh email if
you open up for us and we already
collect kind of your information on your
flight. We pre-book a uh an Uber to the
airport. We pre-book an Uber from the
airport to uh your hotel because we
already know where you're staying. And
you know, ideally when you get to the
hotel, we know you're approaching the
hotel. Either we give the front desk a
heads up that you're going to be there.
or Patrick is going to be there and know
you or we allow you to completely bypass
that, you know, the front desk, go to
your room, maybe you can use your Uber
app as a key. The the magic I want to
bring some inmarket magic to you as part
of your travel experience. We're already
part of your experience in city. The
richer we can make that experience, the
better. We're starting with a booking.
We've got to start someplace. But that's
the Uber magic I want to bring to the
same premortium question which was if
this doesn't work like why would that be
the case? We have debated in the past
whether or not people's interaction
models with our service can change from
on demand to planned. People get very
wed like our brand has always been known
as on demand you know like push a button
get get a car push a button get your
delivery etc. And so there was a
question mark could we go from on demand
to plan and we started moving in that
direction with actually Uber reserve. In
the olden days you know Uber reserve
actually we allowed you to reserve a car
but it was kind of a ondemand dispatch
to try to get you that car when you
expected it to be there. We have changed
the back end to really drive reliability
99 plus% so we're pre-booking with the
driver. the driver accepts. Make sure
the driver is there before the reserve
and reserve now is over $5 billion run
rate. Um it didn't exist you know five
six years ago and clearly we were able
to um if we gave a tangible benefit in
this case higher reliability for higher
price. Clearly we were able to move both
demand and supply drivers won't kind of
pre-commit to to your trip. So that gave
us the opening to say wow this
pre-commit thing is a is another angle
that we can explore and travel became uh
natural for us. So I think the question
is you know is reserving your ride just
fundamentally different from thinking
about your vacation 2 or 3 months from
now. Can we stretch that pre-commit and
can we stretch a brand in that temporal
direction? I think it's an open
question. I think we can. We're giving
you great deals to make that plan on
Uber, but it's not it's not a slam dunk.
>> What have you learned about marketing
excellence? Like two sources of the
question. One is just marketing Uber in
general.
>> Yes.
>> Um but the second is as you do more and
more stuff, making sure that even your
customers know that it exists. Like I I
before preparing for this, I didn't know
that this was a thing that existed. So,
uh, it's an interesting question about
how you do both the brand staying top of
everyone's mind, but also the very
tactical specific like we have this cool
new thing now that you should try.
>> Totally. It's, you know, the surface
that we have on this phone is very
limited. And I've changed my mind on
this. Originally, I had the hypothesis
which is the marketing team's job is to
get as many people onto the apps as
possible and then it's a product team's
job to
surface the right product to you at the
right time. And and a small example of
that is, you know, with Reserve now, we
offer the ability for you to order hot
coffee and the driver goes out and, you
know, picks up the coffee wherever and
then, you know, it's kind of cool. You
have a cup of coffee if you're on the
way to the airport.
>> The goal isn't to get you coffee on that
ride. The goal is to make you understand
that you can get coffee on Uber andor
other stuff, right? It's not about the
ride. It's about the lifetime value, the
interaction, the introduction of a new
service, not in a way that feels like an
upsell to you,
>> but feels delightful. This is really
cool. Uber knows me. Why not do do more
with them? All of the different
irrations that that you can drive on the
app. I have always been much more
product. Let's build this from a product
standpoint and and the job of marketing
is just to get people uh to to the app.
But my marketing team uh who told me I
was an idiot and I loved it. You know,
they are building out storylines. Uber
teens getting your kid from their game
home and the human interaction of when
your kid comes home either if they did
well in that uh in that game or not well
in that game. There are very human
stories that are part of Uber in every
way. Our marketing team are telling the
stories about a teens, about a reserve,
about grocery delivery and the
convenience then. And those stories are
helping people realize that Uber isn't
just about getting a ride. It's about
giving you your time back across a broad
array of services on a local basis.
>> What do you think is more likely in
seven years? that I do that whatever the
next great version of that coffee thing
is or that I just type into it into my
Uber text like I want a car at this time
and I want a coffee and
>> I think you'll be talking to your to to
your
>> apps in seven years.
>> I I think you're going to have apps
because there are certain circumstances
many circumstances where the
communication back to you is much more
efficient in the written word or in
pictures. It's not compelling to say
your Uber is six minutes away seeing the
picture and being able to track the car.
So I think the inbound interaction is
going to move more and more away from
apps. I think people are going to use
apps but the inbound interaction is
going to be much more unstructured and
AI makes it possible. You historically
built UIs
for a specific interaction based on
optimizing for the overall average.
Right? Our booking experience on Uber
may not be optimized to you exactly, but
it's optimized to overall averages
through lots of iteration, lots of
testing. And there's only one way in.
Now, we're going to personalize it. So,
when you land in a city, Uber is going
to be different for you than when you're
going to work. But the interaction that
agents are going to make possible
through AI and through words are going
to be incredible. And think about the
people that have influenced you the
most. What did you learn from Barry
Diller?
>> He's incredible. He he's been my
business mentor and in many ways a
personal mentor as well. I'd say that
the thing that I learned from Barry is
um the value of getting the truth from
the source material. You know, the the
way that he that I first met Barry, I
was actually um a analyst at Allen and
Company working on the LBO model for
Paramount. There was a there was a
hostile tender offer by common and
Paramount. I was building out the LBO,
right? Yeah. Exactly. You know, Barry
didn't want to talk to the MD or the VP
or the associate. is like, "Who built
the model?"
>> And I'm going to talk to that guy cuz if
I'm going to raise billions of dollars
in debt, I want to know I'm good for it.
And I just remember I was like sweating.
I was so nervous. I'm like trying to
print out this model. And and I took him
through it and and he wanted to hear
straight from the source. and and every
time I I've witnessed them and I worked
for him for 20 plus years,
you know, it's the filtering that gets
the edge out of the story or out of the
situation. And it's often the edge that
gives you an edge. It's not the the the
average. Everyone is going to have the
same reaction to the average. It's
what's that 20%. What's what's that P95
situation, etc. So Barry always insisted
on going to the source, getting
unfiltered data. It was sometimes
unpleasant. It took more time, but that
getting to the ground truth would help
his decision-m
uh and would allow him to give that med
that edge to kind of go against the
grain. And I've taken that with me. You
know, it it's I've seen in in in larger
companies, like most people who are run
companies, they're smart, they're
capable, they're driven, and the failure
modes that I see with most companies is
that, you know, the higher up your
organization often,
>> you get like a very thin layer of what's
going on. Yeah. And and everything has
been processed for you. like my schedule
today, it's determined by a bunch of
well-meaning people who want to get me
the best information and have me use my
time in the best way, but it's
processed.
>> And so, it's very important for you to
cut through that process sometimes and
get to that ground truth. You've got to
create some randomness in your
interactions and your information flow.
And Barry often painfully kind of drove
to that source. And it's always for me
been a very very important part of how I
manage which is you know that the best
way to to get to the truth is first of
all as a leader tell the truth.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and so I'm I'm brutally frank with my
team. What's going on? What's a good?
What's a bad? What's okay? Where do I
not know the answers
>> and that helps me then get that truth
back from them? Sometimes requires me to
dig and that can be unpleasant both for
me and the team. But getting to the
ground truth I think is is something
that I learned for Barry and and it's
always stuck with me.
>> What did you learn from the Allens both
the second and the third? Oh. Uhhuh. So
many I'd say you know Herbert Allen very
very early on he always told me that uh
he makes bets on people not companies
and and you see that with Allens like
they're so loyal they they build
friendships and then they stay with
those friendships and and Herbert always
told me like companies companies can do
well during periods or companies can do
poorly during periods but great people
always stay great
>> and I'm going to make a bet on people
and I'm like 20some. I'm like yes sir
Mr. Allan and that has been, you know,
it's a great learning that has kind of
soaked into me like 30 years too late
regardless of the circumstance. Like I I
>> I made a bet on Barry, you know, I was
going to stay at a company for all my
life, but but there was like he was he
was he was the one guy that I told
myself if I have an opportunity to work
with that one person and it was nuts.
Like my salary was gone. It went through
this like completely entrepreneurial new
entity that that that he was building.
But I bet on a person and in my life,
you know, my bets on people and those
personal bets are probably the best ones
I've made. Daniel A has this thing that
he's famous for, which is that he would
go shadow, I think he might still do it,
go shadow CEOs of companies for long
periods of time and watch how they
operate and work. So, if I were to go
ask the same question I'm asking you
about Barry and the Allens, but ask the
question about you, what do you think if
I were to shadow you for a couple weeks,
I would take away from like how you
prosecute your life? Like what what do
you think the ingredients that I could
take away for my own recipe? What do you
think I'd write? I
>> I think number one is the transparency
that I tal that I talked about like I
want the truth from everybody. I tell
the truth. I'm very very open to the
company whatever level that that that I
talk to. I have a lot of fun working
with our product leads and engineers. Um
that is the the the best part of of my
job. And then the the last that I say is
um you see a lot of random interactions
like it it's I I don't want to have too
structured a day. I don't want to meet
with just my direct reports. I build out
random interactions within the company
so that I get that information uh as
well. It's it's like I look for the
troublemakers in the company.
>> As companies get larger, there's always
this incentive for people to get along.
You know, you have a single culture.
Everyone, you know, is true to the
culture of the company. There are
processes that that get built. There are
certain ways of interacting and
certainly the troublemakers often get
chased away.
>> I want to find those troublemakers and I
want to bring them in because
every company is like an organism,
right? And organisms evolve by mutating.
And companies that don't mutate, that
just sit and with a single process, with
a single information flow, those are the
companies that die. So I'm looking for
those mutations. I'm looking for those
troublemakers constantly. And that
requires random interactions. They're
less efficient
>> than the structured processes that have
been put in front of me. But it's those
random interactions that often give me
the best signal that you know sometimes
I may not act on it but I'll take it in
and I'll at some point if the signal
becomes strong enough I'll move.
>> That's a cool idea that the
troublemakers are the mutations.
Companies need to change. And by the
way, with AI now, the rate of change
inside companies, in terms of how
information flows, in terms of how we
work every single day, the rate of
change is has accelerated by 5x. And
it's the companies that are comfortable
with that change that are going to adapt
to this new reality. And the companies
that are like, hey, we do things a
certain way, they're going to have a
hard time. One of my favorite charts
from this era of business has been the
the time series of capex of the big
technology companies where it all looks
like this except for Apple that just
looks like this. Like they basically
haven't changed. They've decided not to
play this specific game.
>> And the debate around Uber early on was
like, well, these guys ever make any
money. Like they're losing money on all
these rides, blah blah blah. Now you've
got $10 billion plus of free cash flow.
So you're a capital allocator and you
have to make a decision of what to do
with this money in this high rate of
change environment. How do you how do
you prosecute that that decision? You've
done big buybacks. You've authorized
really big buybacks before. Yeah. Which
traditionally have done really good
things for shareholder value and things
like this through business history, but
now you have all these opportunities to
spend money to expand demand, to get new
supply, to use these new technologies.
Like how do you weigh the trade-off
between old school stuff like buybacks
and free cash flow generation and share
reduction and things like that with just
like, wow, this is the most interesting
investing. I guess I'm asking like are
you Amazon or are you Apple?
>> Uh somewhere in between. And and I'd say
you know capital allocation I think is
more of an art versus a science. You can
read papers on it but but I think you
have to use your judgment in real life
>> and my view is that my priority is first
organic investment and growth. You know
Uber Eats when I joined was uh doing
under a billion dollars in gross
bookings. That's over, you know, over
100 billion now.
>> That's crazy.
>> And that took an enormous amount of
organic investment. Now the company's
has cash flow beyond that or organic
investment. And you know the math is
simple which is you want to make sure
that your costs grow slower than your
revenue and good things happen over a
long period of time. And I think for me
because I came from uh banking I'm very
comfortable with the power of
compounding. And so the first thing is
you just have to get your core metrics
right. Starting with the user metrics,
get to the financial metrics, make sure
your expenses, unless there's a
long-term benefit, are growing slower
than your revenue. Duh. And when it
comes to excess capital today, our
priorities are going to be keep building
the services that we're building now.
Uh, invest in algorithms, invest in more
engineers. uh we are hiring and then
really invest in kind of the new
realities of AV whether it's investments
in our partners um or it's making
commits to tens of thousands of AV
vehicles those commitments will be
financialized you know we just announced
the deal with Santaare for example to
finance both EVs and AVs but we've got
to be the ones developing the market so
we are going to make those capital uh
commitments and the fortune forunate
thing in all this is we've got plenty of
cash left over for buybacks, but I
prioritize growth. I prioritize
innovation over buybacks. Uh if you're
building the company right, you'll do
both. You strike me as a very like
confident but not cocky person and
leader. What if anything are you
insecure about in the business or as a
leader right now?
>> I'm not insecure so to speak because
again, what good does it do? But but but
I'm curious like it I think again I I'll
go back to Barry. I found in my life
that the more successful you are, the
more you tend to talk and the less you
tend to listen. Right.
>> Totally.
>> Uh and I see kind of executives who who
they don't want to be talked back to uh
because they view don't you know who I
am? I've got authority etc. And
authority doesn't mean that you're
right. But so many people do and and
Barry's the opposite. Like if you get
into argument with him and oh my god
it's going to be unpleasant. Um but but
you bang it out and at the end of that
conversation
the majority of time but sometimes it
happens he realizes he's wrong.
>> He's delighted. He lights up
>> because he just learned. What kind of a
world is an interesting world if you're
right all the time? Like the magic
happens when you learn? And and so for
me,
it's not that I'm not confident. I'm I'm
confident. I'm comfortable in my own
skin, but I'm a learning creature. And
for me, the delight comes from learning.
And often that learning has to come with
pain.
>> And the pain of being wrong, the pain of
hearing something that you don't want to
hear, the pain of something unexpected
happening today or tomorrow or or the
next day. So that that's what gets me
going. and and if I'm not wrong, if I'm
not making mistakes, it's just not very
interesting.
>> Yeah. I I've loved the Barry story so
much. Is there anyone else that comes to
mind as someone that's just heavily
influenced your way of thinking or
behaving?
>> I'm a bit of a student of business. Kind
of came from my investment banking
background. I I just love how companies
uh shape themselves. But I'd say one one
CEO who I really admire is um is uh Reed
who you know built Netflix into the
company that that it is. He he is so
logical. I think I watched like um him
talking with you a while ago. He is so
logical and structured in his thinking
but at the same time he's an engineer
but then once in a while he's a gambler
you know when and and some of those
don't work like you was talking about
some of the gambles that that didn't
work. So I I find it that there's a
superpower in being structured in your
thinking but then not too structured in
that you're always going with a flow
>> to be able to again listen to the
troublemakers etc and have those wild
ideas um outside of the of the
conventional wisdom the those two often
go together. You you need kind of the
crazy scientist to do so. You know, Rita
is anything but a crazy scientist, but
he has innovated in in a very
structured, deliberate way, and I love
what he did with his company and as a
person, I just love how he thinks.
>> So, you're a student of businesses, and
I think Uber is just such it's one of
the most interesting business stories,
you know, by all accounts, the way that
Travis willed this thing into existence
as just like a
>> break down walls entrepreneur and then
the way that you've matured it into this
behemoth of a business and all these
exciting new things. It's so cool to
hear about firsthand. I love doing this
with you. When I have these
conversations, I ask everyone the same
traditional closing question. What is
the kindest thing that someone's done
for you?
>> I guess it's Sid, my wife, taking me in.
You know, we talked about my um you
know, origin, where I came from and
having a chip on the shoulder and and
until I met her. I was always kind of
live I was always living the life that I
thought I was supposed to and I was
always the person who I thought you
wanted me to be. And when I met her and
observed her, she was always the same
person with me, with the kids, with her
friends or, you know, the Sun Valley
Conference where there are like these
unbelievably accomplished billionaires
around. She was always the core, the
same core person. She never changed who
she was.
>> And meeting her and seeing her operate,
I think, finally allowed me to be the
person I want to be versus the person I
thought I was supposed to be. And that
was a gift and a kindness that uh I
could never replace.
>> I have a shockingly similar experience
with my wife. It's a beautiful place to
end. Thanks so much for your time.
>> Thanks.
>> Your finance team isn't losing money on
big mistakes. It's leaking through a
thousand tiny decisions nobody's
watching. Ramp puts guardrails on
spending before it happens. Real-time
limits, automatic rules, zero
firefighting. Try it at ramp.com/invest.
As your business grows, Vant scales with
you, automating compliance and giving
you a single source of truth for
security and risk. Learn more at
vant.com/invest.
Ridgeline is redefining asset management
technology as a true partner, not just a
software vendor. They've helped firms 5x
and scale, enabling faster growth,
smarter operations, and a competitive
edge. Visit ridgelineapps.com to see
what they can unlock for your firm.
Every investment firm is unique and
generic AI doesn't understand your
process. Rogo does. It's an AI platform
built specifically for Wall Street
connected to your data, understanding
your process and producing real outputs.
Check them out at rogo.ai/invest.
The best AI and software companies from
OpenAI to cursor to Perplexity use work
OS to become enterprise ready overnight,
not in months. Visit works.com to skip
the unglamorous infrastructure work and
focus on your product.